# **11/24 Meeting Notes**

## **Agenda**
- Progress update  
- Plans and decisions  
- Questions  

---

## **Progress Report**
- Reviewed alignment to the development plan.  
- Team began working on the backend.  
- Concepts were divided so each team member is responsible for coding one concept.

---

## **Design Changes**
- **No design changes** have been made since the last meeting.

---

## **Issues**
- No issues encountered yet.

---

## **Plans & Decisions**
- All team members will work on **both frontend and backend** moving forward.

---

## **Questions**

### **1. When can we view the peer critique?**  
- Link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BDsoK3dMg92aAIsJzAlAvT5I-VTnFrR3C7e3rcXFbmc/edit?usp=sharing

### **2. Do we need to make changes based on the peer critique and pitch comments?**  
- Not required, but recommended to review.

### **3. Can we see grades for previous assignments (problem framing, functional design)?**  
- Grades will be released later today.

### **4. Search bar question**  
- Users can search a country in addition to selecting on the globe.

### **5. What exactly is required for Checkpoint Alpha?**  
- Requirement description “first running version of app” is vague.  
- **Does it need to be deployed?**  
  - Yes, a deployment link is required.  
- **Do frontend and backend need to be connected?**  
  - No, they do not need to be fully connected.  
  - As long as there is a frontend repo and deployment link submitted, it is acceptable.

### **6. Is there a way to give anonymous feedback for the class?**  
- Question was raised; awaiting clarification.
